Add procurement principles (#393)
publiccodenet/about: activities/procurement/principles.md

---
type: Resource
---

# Procurement principles

> To fulfill our mission, we need to be able to be open, reliable, trustworthy, helpful and sustainable. Meaning the services and products we use need to be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fulfill our mission, we need to be able to be open, reliable, trustworthy, helpful and sustainable. This means the services and products we use need to be:
```
